okay guys so if you've already liked my
facebook page followed my twitter or an
open on instagram forget what else I had
maybe that's it anyway if you haven't
done those things um then all you've
seen was me getting my outline and my
tattoo you didn't actually see the
finished product so to clear up a few
questions about it that I got um no I
didn't hurt at all it was kind of I
don't know how to explain it if I like a
pin poking you a few times it really
didn't hurt there are a few spots when
it hit nerves that I just like close my
eyes it's like okay but it wasn't that
it really wasn't and I freaked myself
out for nothing anyway i'm going to show
you the finished product i had a
question on my video how old I was I'm
19 another question I don't think there
are any other questions no probably not
I'm for those of you said it looks
really cool no they did a good job thank
you guys I'm glad you think so as for
the color it was awesome the color part
when they actually put color and it
didn't hurt at all it actually felt kind
of cool like tickling so that's how a
tattoo felt it really was not bad at all
I would go get 20 more actually probably
wouldn't but I would get more without
hesitation I'm not scared to do them
anymore anyway I'll show you the
finished product
that's kind of backwards but it's got
blue in it and says Kaden I know it's
probably backwards but this is Caden and
for those of you who don't know that's
my son's name anyway I have to go to
work at nine in the morning 26 my
afternoon tomorrow so I'm gonna go to
bed so goodnight guys hope you have a
great day on Sunday tomorrow if you're
watching us later on I hope you have a
great holiday whatever holiday is coming
on so I have a good time guys hope you
enjoyed this video and please subscribe